Pet's friend, we can call her Julie, was taking strong anti-depresents. She had been on the medication for only about three months and started to feel better. So she stopped taking them. Little did she know, that she had begun a seven month journey to break her a addiction. 

Certain medications, such as the one Julie was taking, may have a long and painful withdrawal. Symptoms such stomach bugs, feeling like you have the flu, and sucidial thoughts are just a few. 

Julie said that if she had know about the painful withdrawal process she might not have taken the medication at all.

Pillable is a platform for people to connect and share their experiences with a medication.

I want to stress pillable is more then just a forum or information portal. Pillable is a community for people like Julie to find support and friends through a diffcult withdrawal.

Okay.

Now, you might be asking. 'Alright Dan I'm picking up what your laying down, but how does this whole pillable thing work?'
Well, handsome audience member, I'm glad you asked.

Pillable, is starting as a native mobile application. 

Let me go through the app with you.
The tagline is 'Is it pillable?', I.E. is this a medication something I want to put in my body.
Also with the search we have a browse popular section. We hope to also add a best/worst medication list.

Okay so lets say we make a search for effexor.
    We will be greeted by the medication 
    we have a picture from pillbox that we can verify the medication is correct and then 
    also a shorct description of the medication

    next we have an overview that averages reviews of the users
        here we have 
            difficulty to get off medication
            weight changes
            mood changes
            general satisifaction

    within the pill overview page we have a story section
        where a member can contribute there experience or useful insight they had while on the medication 
        there will also be the ability to review anonymously

    next we helpful actions such as 
        linking to pillbox for the drug information
        or ordering a refill through the walgreens API

    Now let me show you a seperate medication with no reviews

    I would like to mention everything you're seeing here is happening lives.
        All of these medications are dynamic 
        and this app is not too far away from being operational

    Open Lithium Carbonate
        no reviews
        If we add a review we are invited to the review screen

        where we have a series of sliders that correspond to bars you saw on the other page

        So lets enter some data

        you see how it reflects the the weight change with a number

        and finally I'll put general satisfaction all the way up for the example

    Now lets go through the profile page
        Via an integration with Walgreens users can track their health history directly through Pillable
            You simply update the metric
            click sync 
            and your able to track your medications impact on your health

Pillable is only two days old. Imagine the potential impact it has to socialize medecine.

Thank you.

And just in case you were wondering... I also built it for android.